hi everyone welcome back to another
episode of honeysuckle catering today
I'm going to show you how to make
another fast and easy appetizer the
potstickers who wants those frozen
packaged pot stickers when you can make
them fresh in no time I'm going to show
you how to fill them steam them can't
fry them all in one swoop let's get
started you're going to need 1/2 a pound
of ground pork two cups of napa cabbage
leaves finely chopped two stalks of
onion finely chopped about a teaspoon of
ginger finely minced and then a whole
shallot finely chopped as well and stuff
you're filling in you're also going to
need wonton wrappers I'm using these
gyoza wrappers that's circular and
really easy to handle you want to mince
all the ingredients very finely so that
when you mix it together with the ground
pork it'll just come together very
nicely you don't want big chunks of
onions or ginger when you bite into your
pot stickers to season your filling
you're also going to need a tablespoon
of shouting wine which is like dry
sherry if you don't have this you can
use a tablespoon of sake to substitute
or even orange juice a tablespoon of
sesame oil two tablespoons of soy sauce
half a teaspoon of salt and half a
teaspoon of sugar and a dash of black
pepper for this recipe all you have to
do is dump all of the ingredients I just
listed in a huge bowl and mix it well
I'm going to use my hands because it
gives me more control over the mixing
process
now to fill your pot stickers first take
a wonton wrapper and then about a
teaspoon of your filling put it in the
middle and then with a bit of water
you're going to want to put it on the
wonton wrappers on the edges this will
act like glue when you pinch it together
and then purse it like this you're going
to create pleats that'll help hold the
wontons together during the cooking
process this recipe is going to make
about 30 pot stickers so once you finish
filling all of them take a nonstick
frying pan and fill it up with about a
quarter cup of water and then a teaspoon
of oil now take your pot stickers and
line them up in a frying pan put it on
the stove on medium or medium-high heat
now take a cover and put it on the
frying pan for about three minutes
you're going to be steaming the pot
stickers at this point after three
minutes of pass remove your lid and let
the rest of the water evaporate once the
water is evaporated you're going to be
frying the pot stickers with the
leftover oil from the pan fry it for two
to three more minutes until the bottom
is golden brown you should be able to
just remove it easily and there you have
it your crispy pot stickers see the
bottom is nice and golden brown from the
frying and the top is seen
syan is fully cook now so don't worry
about that so for the dipping sauce I
like to make a little bit of soy sauce
and sesame oil a little bit of sugar
just to balance it out but you can use
any kind of dipping sauce you'd like
like teriyaki ponzu even sweet-and-sour
would be really good too the filling
came together really well
you have cabbage in there which helps to
keep the pork more thanks for watching
another episode honeysuckle catering
this is the basic recipes from
potstickers and you can use actually
anything that you like you can use
chicken you can add mushrooms you can
put in bamboo shoots the variety is
endless so comment below and let me know
which flavor combination you would use
and to see more videos and recipes
please subscribe above and please visit
my facebook page for more daily updates
and I'll see you guys soon bye